in the streets of the saints around here in
the desert lost the coachman hundreds
Mr. domestic that we turn around
like this one removed because today I come to you
tell a new story that just
leave just today since good and
you know that the gta 5 for pc is already
little bit of leaving comes just the 14th
April and today we are already Asia and miss
nothing and good then on the platform
sting it seems that how to say it has come out
a new option a new information
of the game of jeta 5 for pc that sting
a platform on which we can
book and buy cubes for pc
Well, it has updated by this way
to say it they want to be the platform of
There are a few things that are missing so that
come out is I have for pc then the
gta 5 information has changed
on that platform so to speak and has
come out an information which tells us
it's not filtered information is
information which may cost the
brought to light and this information we
says that gta 5 for pc or was the one
is 5 for pc will occupy 65 gigas
if I'm listening there and that's
a lot of little looks then for you to do
an idea the gta 5 for play 4 and xbox one
did not reach 50 gb I think or think
that does not reach 250 GB and imagine that it was
5 to play four which one looks
incredibly well then imagine
card 5 to apply another time when
arrived at the 50 imaginary girls for
65 gigabyte pc
incredible that has been followed in a lot
better and apart then he has to bring more
content because if it weighs badly this assumes
that not everything will be in plan of graphics
he knew that he will also bring more content already
you know how good if I have a new
car if they put some new missions and
they put new game mode for all that
also enters what occupies the
game therefore if it occupies more space
in PC, because he supposes that it was also because
one of the things is but I do not wait
that yes the others is simply the
graphic I guess I do not know how that
it was empty subway create that district let
the comments on this topic seems 65
gigabyte is that it is a fool is a
damn asshole but an eraser and I
I think that little game can start
that amount the vegetable 5 are in the
top of the heaviest games I would say
because I identify that she is a damn
burrada
so I recommend that you do not erase
everything you have on your pc if you go
to 5 for pc the space to which it is 5
for pc because you're going to have to erase
a lot of things because also the
hard disks of computers should be
for example I put in 250 gigas
European technician's main hard drive
be the main hard disk itself
then imagine 250 gigas in total per
65 gigaba for the cretaceous for heavy
What is uncle, please?
incredible what the game can be
It has been nothing because I am already wishing that
come out and know that they have dedicated all
those gigas has is amazing how it
has to see everything Asian by these and
basically everything is known and left the ex
favorite stage sowers and see you
in the next